2i interact -> use (#1112)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

- 2e+) [CLARIFICATION] If a competitor holds multiple citizenships, they may choose which country to represent at their first competition.
- 2e++) [ADDITION] The WCA Delegate should also verify the name and date of birth by means of documents (e.g. a passport) of every new competitor at their first competition.
- 2e3+) [CLARIFICATION] Stateless competitors have no national records and rankings, nor continental records and rankings.

> - 2i+) [ADDITION] Although the competitor may pick up a stopwatch to view the current time (when they are not blindfolded), they must not start, stop, pause, or otherwise use the stopwatch.

Reviewer: As the competitor would actually want to put the stopwatch ["to a particular purpose"](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/use) (to know the time), I think we shouldn't change the wording to "use" in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2i+) [ADDITION] Although the competitor may pick up a stopwatch to view the current time (when they are not blindfolded), they must not start, stop, pause, or otherwise interact with the timekeeping of the stopwatch.
```
